v6.1: add multi-level os support doc (#10277)
pingcap/docs: hardware-and-software-requirements.md

As an open source distributed NewSQL database with high performance, TiDB can be deployed in the Intel architecture server, ARM architecture server, and major virtualization environments and runs well. TiDB supports most of the major hardware networks and Linux operating systems.

## OS and platform requirements

<SimpleTab>
<div label="For v6.1.1 and later v6.1.x versions">

> Since v6.1.1, TiDB provide multi-level supports of different quality standards for combinations of different operating systems and CPU architectures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v6.1.1, TiDB provides multi-level support for different quality standards on the combination of operating systems and CPU architectures.
```

> + For the following combinations of operating systems and CPU architectures, TiDB meets the requirements for enterprise-level production quality, and the product features have been comprehensively and systematically verified:

Reviewer: How about this way? 
```suggestion
+ For the following combinations of operating systems and CPU architectures, TiDB **provides enterprise-level production quality**, and the product features have been comprehensively and systematically verified:
```

    |  Operating systems   |   Supported CPU architectures   |
    |   :---   |   :---   |
    | <ul><li>Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8.4 or a later 8.x version</li><li>CentOS 8.4 or a later 8.x version</li></ul>  |  <ul><li>x86_64</li><li>ARM 64</li></ul>  |
    | <ul><li>Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.3 or a later 7.x version</li><li>CentOS 7.3 or a later 7.x version</li></ul>  |  <ul><li>x86_64</li><li>ARM 64</li></ul>   |
    | Kylin Euler V10 SP1/SP2   |   <ul><li>x86_64</li><li>ARM 64</li></ul>   |
    | UOS V20                 |   <ul><li>x86_64</li><li>ARM 64</li></ul>   |

    > **Note:**
    >
    > According to [CentOS Linux EOL](https://www.centos.org/centos-linux-eol/), the upstream support for CentOS ended on December 31, 2021.

> + For the following combinations of operating systems and CPU architectures, you can compile, build, and deploy TiDB. In addition, you can also use the basic features of OLTP, OLAP, and the data tools. However, TiDB **does not guarantee enterprise-level production quality requirements**:

Reviewer: "guarantee ... requirements" is a little bit weird to me. 🤔
```suggestion
+ For the following combinations of operating systems and CPU architectures, you can compile, build, and deploy TiDB. In addition, you can also use the basic features of OLTP, OLAP, and the data tools. However, TiDB **does not guarantee enterprise-level production quality**:
```

    |  Operating systems   |   Supported CPU architectures   |
    |   :---   |   :---   |
    |   macOS Catalina or later   |  <ul><li>x86_64</li><li>ARM 64</li></ul>  |
    |  Oracle Enterprise Linux 7.3 or a later 7.x version  |  x86_64           |
    |   Ubuntu LTS 18.04 or later   |  x86_64           |
    |  Debian 9 (Stretch) or later |  x86_64           |
    |  Fedora 35 or later   |  x86_64           |
    |  openSUSE Leap later than v15.3 (not including Tumbleweed) |  x86_64           |
    |  SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 15  |  x86_64                        |

    > **Note:**
    >
    > - For Oracle Enterprise Linux, TiDB supports the Red Hat Compatible Kernel (RHCK) and does not support the Unbreakable Enterprise Kernel provided by Oracle Enterprise Linux.
    > - Support for Ubuntu 16.04 will be removed in future versions of TiDB. Upgrading to Ubuntu 18.04 or later is strongly recommended.

> + If you are using the 32-bit version of an operating system listed in the preceding two tables, TiDB **is not guaranteed** to be compilable, buildable or deployable on the 32-bit operating system and the corresponding CPU architecture, or TiDB does not actively adapt to the 32-bit operating system.

Reviewer: Use a more common word.
```suggestion
+ If you are using the 32-bit version of an operating system listed in the two tables above, TiDB **is not guaranteed** to be compilable, buildable or deployable on the 32-bit operating system and the corresponding CPU architecture, or TiDB does not actively adapt to the 32-bit operating system.
```
